# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile pyproject.toml -o requirement.txt
aiohappyeyeballs==2.4.6
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.12
    # via myagent (pyproject.toml)
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   httpx
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   sse-starlette
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via fs
async-timeout==3.0.1
    # via myagent (pyproject.toml)
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
authlib==1.6.5
    # via fastmcp
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   bs4
black==25.1.0
    # via myagent (pyproject.toml)
blockbuster==1.5.24
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langgraph-runtime-inmem
boto3==1.35.94
    # via myagent (pyproject.toml)
botocore==1.35.99
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
bs4==0.0.2
    # via myagent (pyproject.toml)
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-auth
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   requests
click==8.2.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   black
    #   langgraph-cli
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langgraph-api
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   loguru
    #   pytest
    #   tqdm
coverage==7.8.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==44.0.3
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   authlib
    #   langgraph-api
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via myagent (pyproject.toml)
distro==1.9.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   openai
exceptiongroup==1.3.0
    # via fastmcp
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via myagent (pyproject.toml)
fastmcp==2.9.2
    # via myagent (pyproject.toml)
filetype==1.2.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-google-genai
forbiddenfruit==0.1.4
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   blockbuster
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fs==2.4.16
    # via myagent (pyproject.toml)
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.15
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-core==2.24.2
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.169.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth==2.40.1
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.8.5
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-google-genai
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
graphviz==0.20.3
    # via myagent (pyproject.toml)
greenlet==3.2.4
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.71.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastmcp
    #   langgraph-api
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   mcp
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.2
    # via mcp
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   pytest
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via myagent (pyproject.toml)
jiter==0.9.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   openai
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via myagent (pyproject.toml)
jsonschema-rs==0.29.1
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langgraph-api
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via jsonschema
langchain==0.3.24
    # via myagent (pyproject.toml)
langchain-core==0.3.59
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-deepseek
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-api
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-deepseek==0.1.3
    # via myagent (pyproject.toml)
langchain-google-genai==2.0.10
    # via myagent (pyproject.toml)
langchain-openai==0.3.14
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-deepseek
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain
langgraph==0.4.3
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langgraph-api
    #   langgraph-runtime-inmem
langgraph-api==0.2.21
    # via myagent (pyproject.toml)
langgraph-checkpoint==2.0.25
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-api
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
    #   langgraph-runtime-inmem
langgraph-cli==0.2.10
    # via myagent (pyproject.toml)
langgraph-prebuilt==0.1.8
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langgraph
langgraph-runtime-inmem==0.0.11
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langgraph-api
langgraph-sdk==0.1.66
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-api
langsmith==0.3.42
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langgraph-api
loguru==0.7.2
    # via myagent (pyproject.toml)
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   jinja2
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   dataclasses-json
mcp==1.9.4
    # via fastmcp
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   black
    #   typing-inspect
openai==1.76.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-openai
openapi-pydantic==0.5.1
    # via fastmcp
orjson==3.10.18
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langgraph-api
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.9.1
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   black
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   pytest
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   black
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   black
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   pytest
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.4
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-auth
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   cffi
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langchain-google-genai
    #   langgraph
    #   langsmith
    #   mcp
    #   openai
    #   openapi-pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.11.0
    # via mcp
pygments==2.19.2
    # via rich
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langgraph-api
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   httplib2
pytest==8.3.4
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-cov==6.0.0
    # via myagent (pyproject.toml)
pytest-mock==3.14.0
    # via myagent (pyproject.toml)
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via botocore
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastmcp
    #   pydantic-settings
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via mcp
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
rapidfuzz==3.14.1
    # via myagent (pyproject.toml)
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-api-core
    #   langchain
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langsmith
rich==14.2.0
    # via
    #   fastmcp
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-auth
s3transfer==0.10.4
    # via boto3
setuptools==80.9.0
    # via fs
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   fs
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   anyio
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.7
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain
sse-starlette==2.1.3
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langgraph-api
    #   langgraph-runtime-inmem
    #   mcp
starlette==0.46.2
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastapi
    #   langgraph-api
    #   langgraph-runtime-inmem
    #   mcp
    #   sse-starlette
structlog==25.3.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langgraph-api
    #   langgraph-runtime-inmem
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-core
    #   langgraph-api
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-openai
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-generativeai
    #   openai
truststore==0.10.1
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langgraph-api
typer==0.19.2
    # via fastmcp
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   anyio
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   exceptiongroup
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   botocore
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.34.2
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langgraph-api
    #   mcp
    #   sse-starlette
watchfiles==1.0.5
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langgraph-api
win32-setctime==1.2.0
    # via loguru
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langgraph
yarl==1.20.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via
    #   myagent (pyproject.toml)
    #   langsmith
